hearts = 5 
print("Welcome to this Adventure, where every choice you make shapes the path ahead, revealing hidden truths about yourself. Some decisions will challenge your reality, others will test your courage, and some may expose secrets you've kept buried.")
print("You start with 5 hearts, but beware—your choices may cost you. Depending on the path you take, you may lose hearts... or earn them back.")
print("The story begins now. Where it leads... is up to you.")
print("Choose wisely.")

print("You are on a path that splits into 3...the 1st path leads down to a raging river...the 2nd path leads into a quiet jungle...and the 3rd path leads far into an open field...")
q1 = input("Which path do you choose (river/jungle/field)? : ").lower()
	if q1 == 'river':
		print("You find yourself at the edge of a raging river.")
		print("The water crashes violently against the rocks, its power undeniable. The current pulls fiercely, as if urging you to surrender to it.")
		print("It’s tempting to let the river take you, to give in to the force and let it carry you where it will. But what would you leave behind?")
		print("Is this a test of your strength, or your fear of losing control?")
		q2 = input("This journey must continue...so what do you choose? test your strength and cross the river ..or give up control and let it carry you (test/carry) : ").lower()
			if q2 == 'test':
				print()
			elif q2 == 'carry':
				print()

	elif q1 == 'jungle':
		print("You enter the quiet jungle.")
		print("The air is thick with silence, broken only by the distant rustle of leaves. Shadows dance between the trees, and the stillness feels almost suffocating, like the jungle is waiting—watching.")
		print("In the quiet, you can’t help but wonder: Are you seeking peace, or hiding from something louder within yourself?")
		print("You've come across a path that leads to a set of Ancient Ruins...Though curiosity has taken over, you cant help but shake the feeling of being watched...")
		print("as you stand still to observe your surroundings...you hear the leaves rustle..")
		q2 = input("What do you choose?...Follow the path to the ruins or Investigate the leaves..(path/leaves): ").lower()
			if q2 == 'path':
				print("There are strange markings on the walls, some hinting at hidden treasures, and others seeming to warn of danger.")
				print("There are strange markings on the walls, some hinting at hidden treasures, and others seeming to warn of danger. The air feels heavy with history and secrets.")
				q3 = input("Will you choose to investigate or move on (inv/move)? : ").lower()
					if q3 == 'inv':
						print("Curiosity drives you to uncover the secrets of the past, even if it means confronting something uncomfortable or dangerous.")
						print("Investigating the markings might reflect a willingness to confront past trauma or unresolved issues, a desire to uncover deeper truths about oneself.")
					elif q3 == 'move':
						print("You decide to leave the ruins undisturbed, not wanting to dive into the unknown and risking the consequences.")
						print("Moving on could symbolize a tendency to avoid introspection, pushing difficult emotions or situations aside to maintain peace of mind.")
			
			elif q2 == 'leaves':
				print("You head over to the rustling leaves and suddenly a wild animal appears... ")
				print("It’s watching you, motionless. You can’t tell if it’s hostile or merely curious.. ")
				q3 = input("With two options...what will you choose? Stay still and observe...or move away slowly (stay/move)? : ").lower()
					if q3 == 'stay':
						print("You take a moment to study the animal, letting it reveal its intentions. You wait to see if it’s safe or if it will attack.")
						print("Staying still and observing could represent the willingness to face and understand fears without running from them. It's a sign of self-reflection.")
					if q3 == 'move':
						print("You choose to avoid the situation, backing away quietly to protect yourself.")
						print("Moving away slowly could represent avoidance — not facing challenges head-on or retreating from potential threats.")

	elif q1 == 'field':
		print("You step into the vast, open field.")
		print("The endless horizon stretches before you, the wind brushing against your skin. There's freedom here, yet something feels missing—almost as if you’ve left something behind.")
		print("Are you truly free, or are you simply avoiding what you cannot face?")
		print("A chilling wind picks up as night falls, carrying with it unsettling sounds from far into the distance. It feels like someone — or something — is waiting...")
		q2 = input("Do you choose to follow the sounds or ignore it and rest (follow/ignore)? : ").lower()
			if q2 == 'follow':
				print("You follow the eerie noises, driven by curiosity or a need to understand what’s causing the disturbance.")
				print("Following the sound could symbolize a desire to confront and understand one's fears, or to probe into the unknown parts of the self.")

			elif q2 == 'ignore':
				print("You choose to ignore the sounds, finding a safe place to sleep and shut yourself off from whatever may be lurking.")
				print("Ignoring it could indicate a tendency to avoid discomfort or the unknown, preferring to shut off from troubling thoughts or feelings.")





